Now that you've seen how you can use
sampling distributions to build confidence intervals for a single parameter,
let's take a look at how we might do something
similar to estimate the difference in two parameters.
Here, we might have a question.
What is the difference in average heights for
those who drink coffee versus those who do not?
Do we have evidence of a difference in the average height?
In order to build a confidence interval for
the difference in the average heights for these two groups,
we can do something similar to what you've already done.
But for each iteration of taking the mean for each group,
we're also going to take the difference.
Now, we can iterate this process some large number of times and
use the resulting differences to
build the confidence interval for the difference in the means.
Here, I've set up a difference list and we'll append the differences into it.
We could again plot the difference in the means of the two groups and we
could cut off the bottom two and a half and top two and a half percent,
to build the 95 percent confidence interval for where
we believed the difference in the means of the two groups to exist.
In this case, you saw that our confidence interval doesn't contain zero.
And therefore, this would suggest that there is a difference in the population means.
Further, we would suggest that on average,
coffee drinkers are actually taller than non-coffee drinkers.